docs: update `CHANGELOG.md` with `v13.0.0-rc.0` (#2386)
angular/universal: CHANGELOG.md

<a name="13.0.0-rc.0"></a>

# 13.0.0-rc.0 (2021-10-14)

## Breaking Changes

### @nguniversal/common

> - Inlining of critical CSS is no longer enable by default. Users already on Angular version 12 and have not opted-out from using this feature are encouraged to opt-in using the `inlineCriticalCss` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inlining of critical CSS is no longer enabled by default. Users already on Angular version 12 who have not opted-out from using this feature are encouraged to opt-in using the `inlineCriticalCss` option.
```

> The motivation behind this change is that the package used to parse the CSS has a number of defects which can lead to unactionable error messages when updating to Angular 13 from versions priors to 12. Such errors can be seen in the following issue https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/issues/20760.

Reviewer: Can this be a markdown link?
